Now let's talk about the AWS Security Hub.
So this is a way for you to have a central security tool
to manage security across different AWS accounts,
so, several ones in their organization maybe,
and automate security checks.
It gives you an integrated dashboard
that was going to show you the current security
and compliance status to quickly take actions.
The idea is that it's going to aggregate alerts
in a bunch of different services and partner tools
such as GuardDuty, Inspector, Macie,
the IAM Access Analyzer, Systems Manager, Firewall Manager,
and Partner Network Solutions.
And across multiple accounts, and give you all these alerts
into one central place called the Security Hub.
There's really a need here to centralize all
these security findings into one place
so that your team can be way better organized
and can take actions based on these security alerts.
And for Security Hub to work in the first place,
you need to first enable the AWS Config Service.
So if we look at the Security Hub right here,
as we can see in this diagram,
it is made for multi accounts,
so anytime in the exam you see security centralized place
in multiple accounts, think about Security Hub.
And it's going to analyze events from Macie,
GuardDuty, Inspector, Firewall Manager,
IAM Access Analyzer, Systems Manager,
and it's going to look at all of those,
collect potential issues and and findings,
and summarize them in the Security Hub.
Then the checks are going to be automated
and they're going to appear in the Security Hub dashboards.
But, also, events are going to be generated
in the EventBridge service, so CloudWatch events.
And finally, if you want to investigate these events,
then as we'll see in the next lecture,
we can use the Amazon Detective service
to get down to the root cause of what happened.
So the idea here is AWS gives you an integrated view
and make it way simpler for users
to find security issues and remediate them.
In AWS we can see the Security Hub,
we can see there's a pricing per check,
so the first 1,000 checks cost you this much, and so on.
The more checks you look,
the more pricing you're going to have.
Then there is ingestion of events.
The first 10,000 events are free,
but then you have to pay per finding.
Or you get 30 day trial for Security Hub.
I'm not going to enable it,
but I just want to show you the options.
And it really shows you here
that we have these Automated security checks
and the fact that it looks at different services
such as GuardDuty, Inspector, Macie,
and others to find these security issues,
and then allow you to take actions.
So if we go to Security Hub and enable the trial,
we'll see that first we need to enable Config
to make sure that Security Hub can work.
And then we need to choose a Security standards
we want to adhere to,
so we can have three different options.
And finally, the Integrations based on the services
that we have enabled,
and then you click on enable security hub,
and you'll be good to go.
But I'm not going to show you anything.
I'm not gonna have security issues in my accounts
because I don't really use it.
But at least I showed you the option
and you can see the kind of service that it is.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.